c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.exe
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.deps.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.dll
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\bin\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.pdb
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.väderapi.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.väderapi.props
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.väderapi.props
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.väderapi.props
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\väderapi.styles.css
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.dll
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\väderapi.dll
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.pdb
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\väderapi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\abdal\OneDrive\Desktop\UtbildningKYH2023\CI AND CD\Abdullahi_Individuell\WEB-API\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\väderapi.dll
